Do all things with love. - Og Mandino
Independence is happiness. - Susan B. Anthony
Where there is love there is life. - Mahatma Gandhi
Learning never exhausts the mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
Not all those who wander are lost. - J. R. R. Tolkien
There is nothing permanent except change. - Heraclitus
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. - Maya Angelou
Happiness can exist only in acceptance. - George Orwell
The only journey is the one within. - Rainer Maria Rilke
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. - Anne Frank
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. - Milton Berle
Love has no age, no limit; and no death. - John Galsworthy
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. - Confucius
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist. - Indira Gandhi
The beginning is the most important part of the work. - Plato
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart. - Jane Austen
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. - Plutarch
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. - Albert Einstein
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. - Lao Tzu
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. - Socrates
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. - Aristotle
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise. - Sigmund Freud
Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. - Thomas Jefferson
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. - Robert H. Schuller
We know what we are, but know not what we may be. - William Shakespeare
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. - Edgar Allan Poe
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. - Sun Tzu
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. - Euripides
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. - Khalil Gibran
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. - Leo Buscaglia
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company. - George Washington
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! - Audrey Hepburn
No one can guarantee success in war, but only deserve it. - Winston Churchill
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. - George Sand
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. - Napoleon Hill
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. - Albert Camus
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. - Henry David Thoreau
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. - Loretta Young
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000(ten thousand) ways that won't work. - Thomas A. Edison
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both. - Niccolo Machiavelli
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. - John C. Maxwell
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship. - Thomas Aquinas
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. - Margaret Mead
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. - Samuel Beckett
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. - Soren Kierkegaard
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. - Aristotle Onassis
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - George Bernard Shaw
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. - Robert Frost
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated. - Ernest Hemingway
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. - Joseph Campbell
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you. - Walt Whitman
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. - Desmond Tutu
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. - Nelson Mandela
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment. - Will Rogers
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. - Karl A. Menninger
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. - Edmund Burke
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night. - William Blake
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. - Simone de Beauvoir
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. - Democritus
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. - Voltaire
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. - Mother Teresa
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion. - Thomas Paine
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love. - Francis of Assisi
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you! - Dr. Seuss
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. - Robert Louis Stevenson
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. - Edith Wharton
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Buddha
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else. - John Keats
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. - Oscar Wilde
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. - Viktor E. Frankl
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous. - Ingrid Bergman
A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another. - Jesus Christ
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. - Edward Everett Hale
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. - Marcus Aurelius
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. - Aldous Huxley
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. - Satchel Paige
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself. - Henry James
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. - Judy Garland
I will not follow where the path may lead, but I will go where there is no path, and I will leave a trail. - Muriel Strode
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom. - Marcel Proust
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. - A. A. Milne
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. - William Arthur Ward
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. - John F. Kennedy
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak. - Thomas Carlyle
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward. - Amelia Earhart
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. - Swami Vivekananda
